Image Classification Demo (#583)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/demos/Image Classification with Nvidi CUDA & Tensorflow.md

> Welcome to our video tutorial series, where we take you on a journey to create interactive image classification applications using Taipy, [Nvidia CUDA](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit), and [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/). In this demo, we'll explore the exciting world of building intelligent image classifiers with powerful tools and technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to our video tutorial series, where we take you on a journey to create interactive image classification applications using Taipy, [Nvidia CUDA](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit), and [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/). In this demonstration, we'll dive into the fascinating realm of constructing intelligent image classifiers using these robust tools and technologies.
```

# Video 1: Building an Interactive Image Classification Application with Taipy and Nvidia CUDA

> In the first video of our series, we'll show you how to build an interactive image classification application using Taipy and Nvidia CUDA. You'll quickly learn how to create an Image Classification web application with the intuitive Taipy front-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the initial video of our series, we will demonstrate how to construct an interactive image classification application using Taipy and Nvidia CUDA. You will swiftly grasp the process of building an Image Classification web application with the user-friendly Taipy front-end.
```

## Video Highlights:

Wrap a Deep Learning Image Classifier with interactive graphics.
Utilize Nvidia CUDA for enhanced performance.
Explore the beginner/intermediate-level tutorial on Taipy GUI.
Part 2 Preview:

Don't miss out on part 2, where we delve into creating powerful custom pipelines with Taipy Core, taking your ML workflows to the next level.

# Video 2: Interactive Image Classification with Taipy 

> In our second video, we continue our exploration of interactive image classification applications using Taipy. This video focuses on creating an Image Classification web application, building on the knowledge from the first video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our second video, we continue our journey through interactive image classification applications with Taipy. This installment is dedicated to constructing an Image Classification web application, building upon the insights gained from the first video.
```

## Video Highlights:

Further explore Taipy's capabilities for ML application development.
Dive into creating an interactive Image Classification web application.

> Conclusion

Reviewer: Why is this Conclusion here? Is this should be bold, or?

> Our video tutorial series offers valuable insights into the world of interactive image classification using Taipy, Nvidia CUDA, and TensorFlow. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced developer, you'll find practical guidance and examples to enhance your ML workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our video tutorial series provides valuable insights into the realm of interactive image classification using Taipy, Nvidia CUDA, and TensorFlow. Whether you're a novice or a seasoned developer, you'll discover practical guidance and real-world examples to enhance your machine learning workflows.
```

> Stay tuned for the next part of our series, where we'll concentrate on managing data pipelines with Taipy Core, providing seamless integration with Taipy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stay tuned for the next part of our series, where we'll focus on the management of data pipelines using Taipy Core, ensuring smooth integration with Taipy for enhanced functionality.
```

> Ready to embark on this exciting journey? Watch our videos and explore the potential of Taipy for creating intelligent image classification applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you prepared to embark on this thrilling journey? Tune in to our videos and unlock the possibilities of Taipy for developing intelligent image classification applications.
```
